So this is a very juicy
kind of function here.
We've created our own middleware in
a very brute sense, that's what we did.
And now what I want to do is apply this
middleware into a protected function.
And it will process if that user can hit
that protected function based on the token
that we get provided.
So we go back up here, let's go ahead and
create a protected function here.
So we'll just do func protected handler,
it will be request events.API
gateway proxy request.
It's gonna return the events API
proxy response and the error.
Okay, and I have a typo and
it's gonna be super simple,
just we're gonna return right away.
Yeah, there it is, response,
I'm gonna say body.
This is a secret path, I don't know.
I mean, we could just keep it like that,
status code is gonna be HTTP status,
okay, and then no.
Okay, and
now I'm gonna bring in our, so case,
when do instead of log in,
it's gonna be protected, okay.
And instead of having all this, what I'm
going to do is return first middleware,
so let's bring that in.
So lambda-func/middleware, okay, cool.
And now we're going to wrap our handler,
that handler function with our middleware.
So we're going to return
middleware.validatejwtmiddleware.
We're going to pass in that
protected handler, and
then here we're going to pass in request.
And this syntax notation in go,
this kind of function and
another request being beside it
is how we chain functions and go.
So you saw when we defined a jwt
middleware, it had that next keyword.
This is how we call the next
function in the chain method.
And we're basically finished.
The only thing we have to do is add
one more line to our cdk deployment,
because we've now added a new route.
We're gonna deploy it,
I'm gonna check if it works.
I don't wanna say like in middleware and
authentication I'm any expert.
This is mostly from the research
I found doing this a few times.
But this is a generic flow and
there's also back in go frameworks that
do a lot of the heavy lifting for you.
So for example chi,
it's a very popular HTTP framework
on go that has the middleware.
That you can do and it'll do a lot
of this work for you as well.
Okay, so that's cool, while we're
in our lambda let's go ahead and
make a build, do not forget to do that.
Let's jump out into our cdk and
let's go into cdk.go,
and I'm basically just
gonna yoink doodle this.
Go here, and instead of login resource,
I'm gonna do protected resource.
Instead of /login,
let's do /protected, and
instead of post, it's gonna be a get.
Okay, that's one thing
that has been in me,
it's making sure I get the right
method attached and will be protected.
All right, moment of truth,
let's hit it with the cdk diff.
Alright, so
let's see what are we doing here.
So we are modifying our lambda function
because we've added more functionality,
cool, it's a different
hash associate to it.
And we're modifying our
API gateway deployment.
We're adding a new res resource protected,
there you go, so that looks good,
let's go ahead and deploy this.
And, I actually forgot to do something,
I got ahead of myself.
We do not need to deploy just yet,
what we can do instead, and
the one thing we have to
include is in our API.
When we log in, we have to include
that create token because right now,
we have no method of creating that token.
So this is the one part I forgot,
but it's super quick.
After we validated the password, we know
this user exists and we're about to send,
hey, HTTP status 500.
We need to do an access token session.
Access token is gonna be
types.createtoken passing our user, okay.
And now once we have this access token,
we're gonna do,
success message is going to be,
format.Sprint F.
I always read a sprint F, but som people
don't like that going to backticks.
I'm going to do curly braces and
the first field here is going
to be access underscore token.
Okay, I'm going to do into this we're
going to do modulo s at the end.
We're gonna just append our access token,
and
then here we're gonna just say
body is gonna be success message.
All right, so if you're gonna
copy that down, that's fine.
I'm gonna go ahead and go back to our
lambda, I'm gonna re build the artifacts.
I'm gonna head back to the cdk and
hit it with the cdk deploy,
it'd be nice to spell.
So now what the expectation is,
before we call it,
I'm gonna go through the whole
flow again of registering login.
And then hitting this protected route,
but we're gonna register a new user.
That new user is going to basically
be registered in our database.
Then we're gonna right away
log in with that user.
We're gonna get back the access token, and
we're gonna hit the protected route, and
then it's done.
>> While this is deploying,
when you created a token,
you specified a signing method.
>> Yes.
>> In the parsing logic, you didn't,
is the jwt package smart enough to
parse it without telling it which signing
method was used or create a jwt token?
>> No, so the jwt parsing method is not
smart enough to understand what algorithm
that parses.
You have to add that extra logic,
I chose to omit that for
constraints of time and such.
However, there is a portion where
you can actually hit the headers
endpoint with the alg,
like we saw in the definition jwt tokens.
So if I go back here and go back a slide,
you can actually access the alg
property here from the token string.
And compared it to the signature method
that you expect versus the signature
method or the algorithm you expect.
Versus the algorithm that's used
in the token you're receiving.
But it would be added in
the callback function.
So a callback on when we do jwt parse,
when we're returning that secret shrink,
that's when you add that logic.
And I have the code on Github
has that implemented so.
Okay, cool moment of truth,
so let's go ahead and
register a new user,
instead of Mark G, I don't know.
Let's go prime g, I only know four people.
So prime G the passwords can
be I love prime fitting.
We're going to register that,
I'm joking, I love you, prime.
Successfully registered a user, I think
we've already validated that we're going
to have a login, a method for that,
or an entry for that in our database.
Now we're going to log in.
And before when we logged in,
we got the same strings that
successfully logged in our user.
Here, what we expect is when we log in,
we will see a access token appended,
there you go, we got an access token.
It says beautiful string all the way
at the bottom, so it's actually users.
So don't clear console, we're gonna find
there's gonna be few things, so first,
let's copy this endpoint.
Well, you know what, I'm going to
write from scratch just because it's
already getting kind of messy.
So we're going to do curl- x get,
remember,
we specify the protected method
to be a get instead of a post.
We're going to paste the endpoint,
my endpoint is going to look
different than your endpoint.
And it's going to be /protected, okay,
because that's the route we've defined it.
And then we're going to do two headers.
So one is going to be the header for
content type, application/json.
Okay, and then we have a second
header that we're going to add,
which is going to be authorization.
And this authorization is going
to be bearer, B E A R E R.
And we're gonna then copy and
paste this generated token that
we've created,
I'm gonna append it here, okay.
And then we're gonna close this,
and if we send this,
this is a secret path, so it works.
This literally is how
our jwt nuller works.
And you may be asking yourself,
well, what's the big deal?
If I just change one from capital A to Q,
and I send this, internal server error.
You're unauthorized, right?